August 4th 1944 in a house on the
Princeton craft in Amsterdam eight
people in hiding are arrested one of
them is Anne Frank and Frank is born in
1929 in Germany her parents are Otto and
Edith and she has one sister Margot the
Frank family is Jewish the economic
crisis is causing a lot of social unrest
in Germany resulting in the rise of
Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party in 1933 the
Nazis come into power and discrimination
against the Jews increases Otto and
Edith worry about the rise of the Nazi
Party they decide to move to the
Netherlands Margot and Anne also arrive
in Amsterdam in Amsterdam and attends
the Montessori School her two best
friends are Sanne and harmony
but then in May 1940 the German army
invades the Netherlands the Nazis occupy
large parts of Europe and start a
discriminate against Jews everywhere
Anne and Margot have to switch to
separate Jewish schools one restriction
is followed by another for her 13th
birthday and receives a diary this diary
will become very important to her
suddenly on the 5th of July 1942 a
letter arrives ordering Margot to leave
for an RC labor camp Otto and Edith have
made secret preparations to go into
hiding where we'll be going to hiding
and wonders one of the first things she
packs is her diary wearing as many
clothes as possible the Frank family
leave their house the hiding place is
the annex at the office of Anne's father
Auto and an tidy up the annex and
brightens up her room by sticking images
to the wall the people in hiding are
helped by victor Kugler johannes climbin
me peace and bet for scale wall work in
Otto's company the Frank family is soon
joined by three other people Herman and
August from Pels and their son Peter and
also welcomes Fritz peffer
Fritz brings bad news all those
deportations in her diary and writes
about life in the annex about the
arguments which can be fierce
particularly between her and her mother
and also with fritz
there are never-ending disagreements and
rights of her nightmares and the fear of
all in the annex to be discovered in
their second year of hiding Ann and
Peter fall in love on the 4th of August
something terrible happens they have
been betrayed they are arrested
you